DOCS-1601: Make processes page and clean up run.md (#2505)
viamrobotics/docs: docs/appendix/glossary/process.md

title: Process
id: process
full_link:

> short_description: Processes are commands such as binaries or scripts that run on a part.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
short_description: You can configure instances of programs or scripts to run on your machine part.
```

aka:
---

> Processes are binaries, scripts, or other commands that run on a {{< glossary_tooltip term_id="part" text="part" >}}.

Reviewer: As is this actually isn't correct
```suggestion
Processes are instances of binaries, scripts, or other commands that run on a {{< glossary_tooltip term_id="part" text="part" >}}.
```

Author: Hmm but an instance of a command (which isn't a binary or a script) isn't really how you'd word it either is it? Not sure how to word

Reviewer: It's generally and instance of a program. 
```suggestion
Processes are instances of programs, invoked by commands running binaries or scripts on a {{< glossary_tooltip term_id="part" text="part" >}}.
```

Author: That is how we've tended to think about them but, since that's not technically the whole truth it seems the definition here should say what all they can be. But I guess since the edits to the Processes section and page say they can be anything it's okay?
